README.md, before:

# ClaireBot
[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/jenkins/build?jobUrl=https%3A%2F%2Fci.sidpatchy.com%2Fjob%2FClaireBot%2F&style=flat-square)](https://ci.sidpatchy.com/job/ClaireBot/)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Sidpatchy/ClaireBot?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/Sidpatchy/ClaireBot/blob/main/LICENSE)
![Last Commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/Sidpatchy/ClaireBot?style=flat-square)

ClaireBot is a feature-packed Discord bot (being re-)written in Java.

Want to host ClaireBot? That's documented right here: https://github.com/Sidpatchy/ClaireBot/wiki/Hosting-ClaireBot

As of now, ClaireBot 3 alpha releases are being hosted on the main ClaireBot which you can invite using https://invite.clairebot.net/

ClaireBot 2 has been shutdown as most public-facing features have been ported to ClaireBot 3. ClaireBot 2 is closed-source and cannot be hosted by individuals. This will not change as ClaireBot 2 contained many features that were locked down to specific servers and an ungodly amount of lazy that I'm embarrassed of. It is not worthwhile to remove/fix the issues present for a bot that is utterly foobared.

Commit message:

v3.0.0 RELEASE
That's right! We're finally there. ClaireBot 3 has reached a point that I consider to be "complete" (at least enough for a full release tag).

Now that ClaireBot as a whole has reached a point that I consider to be "complete", I'm able to justify focusing on adding new features that ClaireBot 2 never had, and further improve the groundwork that I've already laid out. I've got BIG plans for the next few updates, so I'm definitely quite excited to show you what I have in store.

This update doesn't change much. It's primarily just polishing up what was already here, mostly in the form of enhanced error handling.

README.md, after:

# ClaireBot
[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/jenkins/build?jobUrl=https%3A%2F%2Fci.sidpatchy.com%2Fjob%2FClaireBot%2F&style=flat-square)](https://ci.sidpatchy.com/job/ClaireBot/)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Sidpatchy/ClaireBot?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/Sidpatchy/ClaireBot/blob/main/LICENSE)
![Last Commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/Sidpatchy/ClaireBot?style=flat-square)

ClaireBot is a feature-packed Discord bot written in Java.

Want to host ClaireBot? That's documented right [here](https://github.com/Sidpatchy/ClaireBot/wiki/Hosting-ClaireBot)

You can learn more about, and invite ClaireBot to your server at https://www.clairebot.net/

## Where are ClaireBot 1 and 2?
ClaireBot 1 was initially built for my own use on a single server. It was only a member of *that* server, and it only worked on *that* server.

Eventually, as things changed with that server, the requirements of ClaireBot changed too, so I ended up rewriting it from scratch, and thus, ClaireBot 2 was born.

ClaireBot 2 much resembled today's ClaireBot 3. In fact, a lot of ClaireBot 3's design was nicked from ClaireBot v2.10.2. Most users would likely not notice the difference between the two if it weren't for v3's reliance on slash commands.

But, like ClaireBot 1, it was primarily used in a handful of servers, and still had quite a few locked down features. It was never built with more than that in mind. But at some point I started to forget that, and began building new features that would work on any server.

The problems with this hacky approach were two-fold. First, a large portion of the bot was written hastily without much thought being put into the future, and second, the code, was godawful and and utterly tangled together.

I'd want to change one feature, but that would break many other features along with it. The design wasn't sustainable, but I kept working on it because it was "good enough."

Then, like many others, I had to build a whole new version due to the unfortunate discontinuation of Discord.py, and the rest is history.
