todo.md, before:

## Known Issues
1) Avatar command not sending 4096x4096 image - FIXED
2) Help command fucking dies whenever a command is added / name changed. Caused by using a seperate commands list from
the one used by everything else. Recommendation: Delete ClaireMusic - DELETED CLAIREMUSIC

## Commands
1) 8ball - Done but needs optimizations
2) Avatar - Done, see known issues #1
3) Config
   - Server preferences - NYI
     - Messaging Channels - NYI
     - Language - NYI
   - User preferences
     - Colour
       - Common colours - DONE
       - Hex entry - DONE
     - Language - NYI (see #14)
       - Need to create a system for multi-lang.
       - >ClaireLang when?
4) Help - DONE, see known issues #2
5) Info - NYI, literally just copy RomeBot's info command.
6) Leaderboard - NYI, need DB implementation
    - DB implementation complete. Finalize API implementation.
    - API implementation complete. Need to create the command.
7) Level - NYI
    - API prepared for command creation.
8) Poll - DONE
9) Request - NYI, see commands #3
10) Server - DONE
11) User - DONE
12) ClaireBot on top! - DONE
13) Zerfas
14) ClaireBot Language System (ClaireLang)
    - Language Manager
    - Collect EVERY language string and add it to a YAML file.
    - Rewrite EVERY command to make use of the language manager.
        - 8ball
        - avatar
        - help
        - info
        - leaderboard
        - level
        - poll
        - request
        - server
        - user
        - config
15) Probably gonna want to do something with the points system you added to the API... - Sorta kinda started
    - Need to add system of gaining points.
16) Rewrite the help command to be actually informative. There's literally no additional value added with the current system. The command spec already supports a more advanced help string for each command. MAKE USE OF IT. The architecture of the command is great, it just needs to be more useful. The main screen could be a little more useful, point to starters like /config, and explain breifly what it does.

Commit message:

Alpha 6
Fixes #3 by simultaneously updating the global value and guild value.

Fixes it such that the leaderboard command only displays users who have points. Prevents users who are not in the guild from showing up.

Prevent MessageCreate() from doing things when the bot sends a message.

Fix the API code for Guild objects. I previously forgot to migrate it to the new version of Robin.

todo.md, after:

# MOVED TO 

# Known Issues
1) Avatar command not sending 4096x4096 image - FIXED
2) Help command fucking dies whenever a command is added / name changed. Caused by using a seperate commands list from
the one used by everything else. Recommendation: Delete ClaireMusic - DELETED CLAIREMUSIC
3) Race condition issue with the leveling system -  see https://github.com/Sidpatchy/ClaireBot/issues/3

# Commands
1) 8ball - Done but needs optimizations
2) Avatar - Done, see known issues #1
3) Config
   - Server preferences - DONE
     - Messaging Channels - DONE
     - Language - DONE
   - User preferences
     - Colour
       - Common colours - DONE
       - Hex entry - DONE
     - Language - NYI (see #14)
       - Need to create a system for multi-lang.
       - For plans see Specs/ClaireLang, ClaireConfig, ClairePAPI
4) Help - DONE, see known issues #2 DONE, see #16
5) Info - NYI, literally just copy RomeBot's info command. -- DONE
6) Leaderboard
    - DB implementation complete. Finalize API implementation.
    - API implementation complete. Need to create the command.
    - Command framework is completed. Need to prevent querying, but more importantly, displaying users who are not in a guild.
    - Race condition issue https://github.com/Sidpatchy/ClaireBot/issues/3
7) Level - NYI
    - API prepared for command creation.
    - Command created
    - Listeners partially implemented
    - Race condition issue https://github.com/Sidpatchy/ClaireBot/issues/3
8) Poll - DONE
9) Request - DONE
10) Server - DONE
11) User - DONE
12) ClaireBot on top! - DONE
13) Zerfas
14) ClaireBot Language System (ClaireLang)
    - Language Manager
    - Collect EVERY language string and add it to a YAML file.
    - Rewrite EVERY command to make use of the language manager.
        - 8ball
        - avatar
        - help
        - info
        - leaderboard
        - level
        - poll
        - request
        - server
        - user
        - config
15) Probably gonna want to do something with the points system you added to the API... - Sorta kinda started
    - Need to add system of gaining points.
    - Mostly done, could probably make gaining points way more robust.
    - Fix race condition issues: https://github.com/Sidpatchy/ClaireBot/issues/3
16) Rewrite the help command to be actually informative. There's literally no additional value added with the current system. The command spec already supports a more advanced help string for each command. MAKE USE OF IT. The architecture of the command is great, it just needs to be more useful. The main screen could be a little more useful, point to starters like /config, and explain breifly what it does.


# General Features
## ClaireWeb
A website needs to be designed. In addition, ClaireBot needs to have an API endpoint (in addition to ClaireData) for it to query from.

##
